# React-Proyect-Music-Shop-e-commerce
My latest proyect, after learning proficient level of HTML, CSS, Javascript and Typesrcript I advanced to React. In this ecommerce I consumed "Mercado Libre"'s API (latin american Amazon) to get hold of over 50 products and displaying and sorting them in different ways throughout my Single Page Application. This was done in two ways (for learning purposes) : In the former, I fetched the API url with an async / await function and in the latter I used Firebase services connecting the API with the Firestore of my Firebase proyect. In the 'useFetch.js' file you can see both.

I kept solidifing and expanding knowledge of CSS, HTML and JS. Since I had already done a previous e-commerce with similar features I got the chance to cross-compare that ecommerce with this one using react. There are many examples in the code where I can see the advantages of using react as well as knowing all the 'under the hood' mechanisms that are taken place behind JSX. Understanding the unilateral direction of data that goes from higher components to its children via props, how events can trigger functions that go up the component tree, using Context when components are too far away from each other on the tree,using Link and Router and how you can use hooks to treat with the ongoing change of state of the components helped me really grasp the layers of complexity in my application. And even better, to allow me to understand React logic and component interaction for future proyects and profesional work.

On the other hand I keep trying to make good scalable code with comments. Furthermore I tried to set CSS variables on a single file to emulate a larger front-end proyect, such as variables for colors, margin or font-size. In the same note I'd also written functions and put them in separate files to make a cleaner more modular proyect.

In my ecommerce website you can add products to the cart from either the landing page, for feature products, on categories for products in said categories or via the search bar for any specific product that you need. You can also see the product detailes of any of this products and select how many you want in your cart. Once the shopping is done, you can click on the cart and watch your products in it. There you can delete products or change the quantity of them, you can see the total price changing as you do so. Finally when 'order' is clicked a new order will appear in the Firestore of this proyect. Finally you can also sign in with an ID and password, said ID will be displayed in the order at Firestore. 

